An for light box we're going to be using a magnifique papa irresponsive Jake with a light box which
is basically the best one in my opinion especially for the ones that are free.
You can see the ones with clicking.
All right.
And we have examples that we have a gallery and here we have documentation on here this would be good.
So let's start over here with a documentation Morier.
So first things first they say we need to include these files.
Right.
So here we need a magnetic pop ups who and we need to jack Querrey which we already have don't worry
and use that and or here they're saying a just fine then over here they say how we can start the actual
pop up right.
So here you can see we still have the document ready function and or here we say image link.
And this would be type image.
This will be if we would want to do this way.
All right.
So here like this right.
So let's say image or here or here this is going to be the path.
So we basically have just a simple click and once we press it here this is going to open up in a light
box.
However we're going to pick a second version where we have a container.
All right then we have the links.
Remember how we have it right now.
We also placed an image or here inside just for our layout.
Right.
However osing really needed this 2:02 image right.
So you don't need if you really just want a links that would open up the gallery right.
You can just have a simple gallery how are we placed our links inside here.
I'm sorry our are images right.
Just so we have actually this section.
Right.
Just for the section's sake we have these images over here.
So we had a little bit of extra spice.
All right.
So we're going to do first is let's go ahead and let's actually download right so we can go back over
here and we're going to see where's the good hub here then.
We're going to is we're going to do a clone or download it on say download the zip or this and then
it's going to be in our notes like this.
We can just open up the actual folder under the distribution.
Right.
We're going to have a success and I'm going to have a genius what I'm going to do here.
I'm going to have a new folder which is going to called magnifique here and let's drag this guy over
here.
And again we have a choice of men or actual regular Just so just for the sake of saving a little bit
of space right let's have a minute fight.
What I'm going to do here I'm just going to drag this folder to our folder where we work and that pretty
much is done.
And then after that what you would want to do is go in right away actually set everything up so it can
cause the script in the index.
Right.
I'm going to go all the way to the bottom right.
And let's say over here before our script what I'm going to say here is that this was wrong.
All right what I'm going to say here I'm going to say that this is going to be a magnifique.
And once I have a comment on here I'm going to say this is going to be script here tab and you can see
or hear.
I have my magnifique fold over here I'm going to say source then we're going to have to have a magnifique
here and then we need a yes.
Right so this is going to be the javascript file.
Now we can say this now I need to scroll all the way up and over here let's say after the break where
you.
I'm going to I'm going to make a comment and we're here we're going to say this is going to be magnifique
pop up says yes we're here we're going to have again.
We're going to have a link right relationship style sheet and we're here we're going to say magnifique
again.
And let's say we're here we're going to have success.
So I'll say this but then we're going to go back to the bottom right because what I don't want to place
it in my script right because I don't want to keep mixing them up.
So we're all going to say we're here is that this is going to be a script right.
Magnifique.
I'd say magnifique James.
No chance.
I'm not going to say we're here.
We're just going to create a not magnifique pop up Mingy.
But we're going to go to this folder we're here and let's say that we're going to say a new file.
We're going to say Mark Afiq or here.
All right so now we're here in this folder we have a Magnificat James.
No really if we go back to the next page the amount here and let's say again we're going to have a script
and here we're going to write a source.
So here and this is going to be so harsh.
I know we're going to see him again there Frank.
And we're going to have a magnifica James.
All right so this is going to be our custom.
Yes.
So now I'm going to say this.
And now we're going to go back over here.
Right.
So this was the get happen this is where we download it.
Now the next thing that we would want to do is actually go back to documentation.
All right.
And let's actually start.
Right.
So the first code that I'm going to copy to this one is going to be this document ready.
All right.
So we can do it here and we obviously can read it ourselves.
But I'm just showing you that sometimes it's just you know sometimes you just copy and paste the code
right and all hear what I'm going to do.
Just delete this line right.
Right.
So basically again it could have easily written ourselves I'm showing you where I'm getting this from.
So this was a document ready so basically all our code is going to run only when the document is ready.
Now we're going to go back over here and we're going to get this line right.
So basically what saying if we have this right this is how we would want.
So what I'm going to do here is I'm just going to copy and paste this.
Right.
And what is it saying is first it's selecting something writing that selecting class with parent container.
Now in our case what does the parent container it's current center.
Right.
Because then it's current item current item right.
So this is the parent element.
So I'm going to go back over here and what we're going to say is this is going to be current center.
And if I'm correct this was a off.
All right.
This was an idea around I'm going to say Center is double check because I can tell you right away you're
not going to be making mistakes here.
In most cases you're mostly going to be making mistakes just by selecting the actual correct items right.
Whether it's a class.
Right.
So make sure that it is an idea that you're using so it's current center.
And over here I'm going to write and this is also going to be a magnifique.
All right currents.
And now once we have this right magnifica pop up we have delegate a and here we have type image.
Now let me say this here and now what we need to do because it is javascript.
All right we need to refresh here.
And once I click it over you're right you can see that I'm not going back to the image right where it's
located.
You can see or hear right that I have a lightbox.
Now I don't have the gallery.
I just have the actual image so if I go an image I click it.
Right now I get an image.
So I'm going to go back over here and let's check it out.
What other options we have.
All right.
So if we're going to be scrolling down right we're not going to be covering obviously all these right.
What we're interested in is actually gallery right.
So here we just keep scrolling scrolling down right and are here for Gallerie what they're saying is
Gallery enabled.
And what we need is true right.
And again we can copy this or we can actually write it ourselves.
It doesn't really matter.
All right so here we're going to place a comment because this is an object and on here we're going to
copy and paste it it's a gallery enabled.
True.
And then we need to get rid of this camera and because this is the last item on here right.
So we can do it here.
Can you just say this.
And again we're going to go back over here.
You can refresh the page and sure enough you can see or hear these arrows.
Now I have my gallery so I can skip through the gallery like this.
And this is how we can actually add a Magnificat pop up right to our project.
And like I said from the free ones that's that's actually the best one to work with.
It's actually the easiest one like you see it right.
It has again a lot of options that we didn't touch on because like I said without a lot of these J-20
plug ins you can make another tutorial out of this one alone.
Right.
Because we are mostly mainly focusing on actually working with CSSA and fluxbox and the grid and the
fluxbox.
So we're here this is just a matter of next how to make our project to stand out.
Therefore this section was kind of simple one right just so we don't get mixed up with a magnifique
pop up here which is not hard because remember that you need to do right.
You just need to add both of them.
Right.
And so here again we technically could have done it in a script.
I just wanted to put it in the separate files.
So then whenever you are going to be opening your source files you know what is what.
Or here and now we really want to the next section.